NARRATOR Our heroes are back
on the road to Anistar City
as Ash dreams of winning
his next Gym badge
and getting closer
to entering the Kalos League.
The sun's almost setting, huh?
[CONTENT]
Camping! I know!
Let's play Pokémon
impressions again!
Good idea! Though I sure wish I
could have taken a shower today.
‐ It looks like rain.
‐ Huh?
Oh, there's a hotel nearby!
Great. Let's hurry
so we don't get wet.
[panting]
BONNIE
'Icky! It's so cold!'
We're here!
Thank goodness!
[sighs]
‐ Hey. What's this?
‐ Huh?
This is the hotel, right?
[SURPRISED]
I wonder
if they're open for business.
They sure can't clean.
Bonnie!
Great! Someone's here!
Excuse me. We'd like a room
for tonight, please.
Oh, customers!
Welcome. Of course.
I'll take you to your room.
[laughs]
Now if you'll just follow me.
‐ Rotom?
Oh, don't worry.
It was nothing.
‐ What's this?
‐ Oh. That?
It's a picture of the day
this hotel opened.
Oh, wow!
Now, let's get you to your room.
There. Goodnight.
‐ Oh!
‐ Yay! Yay!
Hey, guys.
Want to have a Pokémon battle?
‐ Huh?
‐ Where, Ash?
It's pouring outside.
ASH 'Remember that picture
on the wall?'
'They've got a battlefield.'
CLEMONT
You're right, they do!
BONNIE
Then let's go look for it!
CLEMONT/ASH/BONNIE
Yeah!
Let's see. Found it!
It's down there.
At the end of this very hall!
Go! Yay!
Hurry! Hurry!
Settle down, Bonnie!
Alright!
[EXCITED]
[all gasping]
BONNIE
'It's so dirty!'
♪ You're just a kid on a quest ♪
♪ To be the best of the best ♪
♪ Someday you're destined
for power and glory ♪
♪ You know you're up
to the test ♪
♪ There's only one way
to tell this story ♪
♪ Be a hero be a hero ♪
♪ All the power
is at your command ♪
♪ Face your fears
and show you're a hero ♪
♪ The future of the world
is in your hand ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Rotom's Wish"
[all gasping]
They're having a battle!
Pangoro, use Tackle!
[TACKLE MOVE]
MANTLE
'Krookodile, use Dig!'
[DIG MOVE]
TRAINER A
'Use Hammer Arm!'
[HAMMER ARM MOVE]
MANTLE
'Use Mud‐Slap!'
[MUD‐SLAP MOVE]
[EXERTION]/[PAINED]
MANTLE
'Hyper Beam!'
[HYPER BEAM MOVE]
[ALARMED]/[PAINED]
REFEREE
'Pangoro is unable to battle!'
'Krookodile is the winner!'
And that means the victor
is Mantle, the hotel owner!
[panting]
Pangoro, return!
As per our deal,
I'll take your Pangoro.
[gasps]
Hold on! Not that!
You don't like it? Then blame
yourself for being weak.
I beg of you! Pangoro's been
my partner for 20 years!
Alright, this battle's over.
Give me back my Pangoro,
please!
They had a bet on a battle.
‐ That's not right!
‐ Ash, wait!
Hold on a minute!
You can't do that!
Give his Pokémon back now!
Who is this guy?
Look, kid,
the deal is whoever loses
has to give their Pokémon
to the winner.
Come on! Doing that is wrong!
Maybe. But a promise
is a promise.
Now let's talk, Pikachu!
[SHOCKED]
So, here's the deal.
I'll have a battle with you.
If you beat me, then I'll give
that Trainer his Pangoro back.
Of course, if you lose,
your Pikachu's mine!
No way am I doing that!
[ALARMED]
You scared? Not like
you have a choice, kid.
Yeah, kid!
Prepare for battle!
This is awful! They're going
to force you to have a battle!
Oh, no, Ash!
[DISCHARGE MOVE]
[screaming]
‐ Why you..
‐ It's a Rotom!
‐ Rotom wants us to follow it!
‐ Then let's go!
Alright!
‐ Hurry up, Clemont!
‐ Aah!
[grunting]
After them, right now!
[grunts]
Those kids are quick.
Where did they run off to?
[panting]
‐ Ash?
‐ We're safe now.
Thanks, Rotom.
You really helped us out!
[URGENT]
[CONCERNED]
I wonder what Rotom is saying.
I sure wish
we could understand it.
[CONCERNED]
[SURPRISED]/[URGENT]
[HOPEFUL]
[DETERMINED]
It just turned on!
Did Rotom do that?
[IMPRESSED]
I know. Maybe Rotom's
trying to show us something.
Welcome!
And thank you all so very much
for coming to our hotel's
grand opening ceremony.
[PLEASED]
Look! It's Rotom!
So Rotom must be
that man's partner.
I'm Weston, the hotel owner.
If you'll look here, please.
My hotel battlefield
is open to the public
so feel free to enjoy it
as you engage
in your Pokémon battles.
Owner, huh? Who is he?
I've seen him before.
I know! That's the man
from the front desk!
Yeah. I think she's right!
That's weird.
So he was the owner?
And now he's the desk clerk?
That doesn't make sense.
What's going on?
[all gasping]
It's that bad guy!
I bid you welcome.
Real nice hotel you've got here.
So if it's open
to the general public
let's have a Pokémon battle.
and the winner gets ownership
of this place.
I wish you wouldn't joke
like that.
‐ Wait. You think he's joking?
‐ Huh!
Look, when Mantle says
something, he means it!
Now, now, now. Listen.
You just told us we're free
to engage in Pokémon battles.
Was that some sort of lie?
No, of course not.
MANTLE 'If you're not
going to battle me'
I'll just battle your guests
and take all
of their Pokémon instead.
Please don't cause
any trouble for my guests!
Well, okay. Then I'll battle
you and your Rotom.
'Or is your Rotom
nothing but a little coward?'
Or are you nothing
but a little coward?
What?
[URGENT]/[EXERTION]
So if I win, you'll leave
my guests alone and go.
‐ Is it a deal?
‐ Yeah.
It's a deal.
Krookodile, out here!
[CHALLENGING]
[AGGRESSIVE]
[SCARED]
Rotom! Rotom!
Where did you go?
It flew away.
Just like little a coward.
Oh.
Looks like I win.
It's a win by forfeit.
CLEMONT
That's what happened.
That's why the owner changed.
Now I get it.
I see. Those thieves
stole the hotel too.
That's why Weston's
the front desk clerk.
Rotom!
I swear I'm not mad at you!
Won't you please come back?
[DEVASTATED]
That's sad.
You're upset because
you couldn't say
you're sorry to your partner.
Is that right?
[CURIOUS]
[ASHAMED]
It must've been hard for you
all this time.
Hey Clemont?
Is there anything we can do?
It's tricky.
We can't change the past
unless we have a time machine
or something.
[URGENT]/[EXERTION]
[all gasping]
It looks like Rotom
has some sort of idea.
Let's check it out!
[DETERMINED]
[URGENT]/[EXERTION]
[panting]
[URGENT]
Huh? You want us to go in?
[AFFIRMATIVE]
Alright. Let's do it!
[EXERTION]
[all gasping]
[DETERMINED]
Wait a second! Does this hotel
really have ten basement floors?
Uh, I kind of think no.
[CONFUSED]
I'm scared! This is so weird!
[laughs]
This's gonna be awesome!
[screaming]
‐ This is so much fun!
‐ Since when?
[DELIGHTED]
[all sighing]
What's this?
The tenth basement floor?
This is the ground floor.
Hey, Ash! Isn't that..
Those crooks.
Stealing Pokémon again.
Come on!
[all gasping]
Check it out! What's going on?
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Rotom!
[EXCITED]
Or are you nothing
but a little coward?
What?
Is this..
So if I win, you'll leave
my guests alone and go.
Is it a deal?
Yeah. It's a deal.
It's exactly like the scene
from the past
that Rotom showed us on TV.
No way! Are you saying
we went back in time?
Shh!
That means we know
what happens next!
Krookodile, out here!
[CHALLENGING]
[NERVOUS]
[AGGRESSIVE]
Rotom! Rotom!
Where did you go?
It flew away.
Just like a coward.
Looks like I win.
It's a win by forfeit.
‐ Hold it right there!
‐ Huh!
Hey, you haven't even started
your battle yet.
There's no way
you can win by a forfeit!
SERENS/BONNIE
Yeah, Ash is right!
You just give us five minutes.
We'll find Rotom and bring it
back to have a battle with you!
[grunts]
WOMAN A
'That kid is right, isn't he?'
Yes. This doesn't count
as a forfeit.
MAN C
Let them have a proper battle!
MAN D
Yeah, he's right!
You can't
just claim victory like that!
Yeah, okay, okay.
So get Rotom back here
right this minute!
'We'll try this again.'
‐ Come with us, please?
‐ Uh, right.
‐ So, who are all of you?
‐ Don't worry about that.
We just want you
to listen to us. Okay?
Right. You see,
we're all on your side.
What do you mean?
Rotom? Rotom?
You can come out now.
This is your big chance
to fix everything!
You can apologize!
Rotom!
[ASHAMED]
It's alright.
I'm just glad you came back.
Here's the thing.
You've got to beat him!
Your very future depends on it!
Do your best, Rotom!
[TERRIFIED]
I know I let my anger
get the best of me
and agreed to battle that man
but we have little experience.
Rotom and I
are going to lose for sure!
[URGENT]
Don't worry.
You guys have all of us!
[OPTIMISTIC]
I'm sure we can come up
with a plan.
Clemont will figure it out!
Let's see.
Mantle uses a Krookodile,
a Ground and Dark‐type.
Rotom's at a disadvantage
as an Electric and Ghost‐type!
Hm.
Perfect! Rotom can use this!
If my plan works,
you should win easily!
[grunting]
Time's almost up.
He's so scared, he ran away.
[panting]
MANTLE
You came back!
I thought you gave up.
I'm here.
But remember if I win
'you promise to never challenge
people with shady demands!'
You got it.
But remember,
if I win, this hotel is mine!
Agreed.
‐ Weston!
‐ Hope he's okay.
I know that he can win this!
That is if my plan goes well.
Rotom, you can do it!
[CONFIDENT]
REFREE
Rotom versus Krookodile!
A one‐on‐one battle!
Battle, begin!
Rotom, Electro Ball!
[ELECTRO BALL MOVE]
Electric‐type moves
won't work on my Krookodile.
[all gasping]
I think he's completely
forgotten
about the plan we made!
Try to relax, Weston!
[URGENT]
Aren't you forgetting
something important?
Huh? Oh. Yes, you're right.
Rotom! The socket!
[SURPRISED]/[URGENT]
Frightened again, are you?
'How pathetic!'
[EXERTION]
Time's running out.
And it looks
like the hotel's mine.
‐ Huh?
[CONFIDENT]
‐ What's that?
‐ Don't forget!
Wash Rotom
can use Hydro Pump!
Use Hydro Pump!
[HYDRO PUMP MOVE]
[PAINED]
Yes! That was a huge hit!
[EXCITED]
You said this fight
would be one‐on‐one!
Even if it changes form,
it's still Rotom.
So this is a one‐on‐one!
Why you little..
Krookodile, use Hyper Beam!
[HYPER BEAM MOVE]
Awesome!
Despite the damage
after a Water‐type move
Krookodile is still
able to attack.
Krookodile's strong.
But will Rotom be okay?
You ready?
It's time to move to Plan B!
Right. Rotom! The socket!
[CONFIDENT]
[DETERMINED]
[EXERTION]
[all gasping]
[screaming]
Now it's a refrigerator?
CLEMONT
'Remember, Frost Rotom'
'can use Blizzard!'
Rotom, use Blizzard!
[BLIZZARD MOVE]
[PAINED]
Pull yourself together,
Krookodile!
Rotom! Great stuff!
[grunts]
Why you!
Now use Crunch!
[EXERTION]/[CRUNCH MOVE]
[EXERTION]
Krookodile's tough!
[SOLEMN]
Listen to me!
Plan C is up next!
Show him who's boss!
Rotom! Next form!
[CONFIDENT]
Wait, what's going on now?
[SURPRISED]
Mow Rotom!
Leaf Storm, let's go!
[LEAF STORM MOVE]
[PAINED]/[STUNNED]
You did it, Rotom!
Krookodile is unable to battle!
So, Rotom wins!
Fine. Krookodile, return!
[grunting]
'Which means the victor
is Weston, the hotel owner!'
Alright, you made a promise.
From now on,
no more shady challenges!
Huh, like I care.
I'll just take it by force!
Hey, fellas?
‐ That's our cue!
‐ Yeah. Don't be cute.
They had no intention
of keeping their promise
right from
the very beginning!
Maybe changing past events
isn't even possible!
Oh, no!
Ash, wait!
Alright then! We'll protect
your hotel together!
Really? Alright!
[DETERMINED]
‐ Use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
[screaming]
[SATISFIED]
Sorry. I was bad.
I'll do whatever you say. Okay?
[cheering]
Don't forget.
Take care of that Rotom.
What an amazing Pokémon!
[IMPRESSED]
Thanks so much!
[GRATEFUL]
[EXERTION]
[elevator dings]
Hey, are we back
in the present?
[all gasping]
‐ Let's check it out.
‐ Right!
Huh? Hi there. Excuse me.
Welcome, dear guest.
‐ Huh?
Please allow me
to open the door.
Now step inside.
MANTLE/GUY A/GUY B
We bid you welcome!
Wait a minute.
What are you three doing here?
Huh, I've been working
at this hotel
for over ten years now,
since it opened.
Back then,
I was a horrible crook
but then the kindly hotel owner
graciously gave me a job.
‐ Huh?
‐ Gave you a job?
Now, ladies and gentlemen.
Greetings!
I welcome you
to the celebration
of our hotel's
glorious tenth anniversary!
'Thank you for attending.'
[applauding]
[SURPRISED]
[laughing]
[EXCITED]
Rotom!
[URGENT]
Huh! What do you think?
My name is Weston, the owner.
A pleasure!
[crowd cheering]
[laughing]
You're doing great!
[IMPRESSED]
There's only one reason
I stand before you today
as the hotel owner.
It was a boy, his Pikachu,
and his friends
who appeared out of nowhere
and then left
without saying their names.
And all on our opening day.
It sure looks different
than before!
So pretty!
[URGENT]
What's up, Rotom?
No way!
It's us!
Wow. Amazing!
So, it wasn't a dream.
Pikachu, we really did travel
back in time!
[DELIGHTED]
NARRATOR Our heroes' journey
back in time
has changed
this hotel's past
into a much
brighter present.
Now, what adventures
await them in their future?
Time will tell,
as the journey continues!
[CONFIDENT]
[theme music]